# A Slightly Significant Event

## Chapter 1: The Magic Meerkats

There were many reasons to leave the town Aleisha grew up in, but her friends were not among them. The club was started years ago by Aaron, who was, in his own words, 'an aficionado de la mistique'. He had gotten a magicians set for his eighth birthday and since then the whole magician persona was kind of his 'thing'. In the beginning this meant a lot of card tricks, to the annoyance of all involved. Later he graduated to slight of hand tricks and impossible games. Games that seemed impossible to win, except if you used a very specific strategy, which of course Aaron memorized. He went on to do some mind reading, but more importantly: He started a club. The Magic Meerkats, as the club came to be known after a very serious meeting in which they decided thusly, was a club devoted to magic tricks. And Aleisha was invited to the first session. She had been a friends with Aaron since primary school and when they both went to the same high school they stayed close. Arguably not very close. A lot of girls in her class thought boys to be 'icky' and Aaron especially to be 'weird', and the problem was that Aleisha liked a lot of those girls and was friends with quite a few of them. But Aleisha stayed close enough to get the invite. So when she arrived at the first meeting of the still unnamed magic club, she felt pretty good about herself. She also felt slightly nervous, as she had never really gone to this part of the school. Aaron was good friends with the janitors and managed to get an unused space. This unused space was tucked away in one of the far corners of the high school, far from everything and close to very little. But there was no use in standing around, so Aleisha stepped forward and knocked on the door.  
"Password?" Aaron asked from the other side of the door. He sounded muffled, a fun reminder that the winters could get very cold and that even the doors were part of the insulation.  
"There is no password." shouted Aleisha annoyed. She looked around if anyone could hear her, but the school had been out for about fifteen minutes and as stated previously; this place didn't get much traffic.  
"The door is open!" Aaron shouted through the door. Of course the door had been open. It was a semi-official school club, not a secret society. Aleisha pushed down the handle and entered a place which had never seen the light of utilization. The walls were bare and the floor's tiling came straight out of the seventies. A small window provided the room with the slightest bit of natural light, which was handy as the room didn't have any lighting installed. It was the size of a small office and probably only meant to house one administrative worker, maybe two if you were to really cram them in. But when Aleisha entered that room, it was filled with eight people including her. The sat around a white plastic table, you usually see outside in gardens, on folding plastic seats Aaron had probably 'borrowed' from one of the storage rooms nearby. One chair was still vacant and after Aleisha sat down, the first meeting of the Magic Meerkats was official.

